fr-copy-receipt-performance-improvement (#113)
fiskaltrust/release-notes: middleware/2023-08-117-1.2.23222.65536-rc1.md

---
authors: poscreator
slug: middleware/1.2.23222.65536-rc1
tags: [Middleware, France]
---

# Middleware 1.2.23222.65536-rc1 (France)
In this version of the French Middleware, we've improved the performance of the copy receipt.

<!--truncate-->

:::caution

Version 1.2 of the Middleware is meant for the Austrian and French market only, customers in Germany have to use version 1.3. We will unify these experiences in an upcoming version.

:::

## Feature: Improved the performance of the copy receipt

> We've improved the French Middleware when dealing with copy receipt by creating a new table, called  ftJournalFRCopyPayload in the FR Queue where are stored copy receipts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've improved the performance of the French Middleware when dealing with copy receipts by creating a new table, called ftJournalFRCopyPayload in the FR Queue where copy receipts are stored.
```

> More details can be found in our [Github](https://github.com/fiskaltrust/middleware/blob/main/rfcs/0192-fr-copy-receipt-performance.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More details can be found in on [Github](https://github.com/fiskaltrust/middleware/blob/main/rfcs/0192-fr-copy-receipt-performance.md)
```
